P1 Acceptance Criteria


1. Feature: Secret agent should be able to log in to my account.
   Scenario: As a secret agent, I want to be able to log in to my account.
    Given: I am on the log in page.
    When: I enter my user name.
    When: I enter my password.
    When: I press the log in button.
    Then: I receive confirmation of successful log in to page. Redirected to home page.

2. Feature: Secret agent should be able to create reimbursement request with a reason.
    Scenario: As a secret agent, I want to make a reimbursement request.
    Given: I am on the home page.
    When: I click on the dropdown menu.
    When: I select the Create Reimbursement Request.
    When: I input the amount.
    When: I select the reason option from dropdown menu.
    When: I create a comment with less than 100 characters.
    When: I click the submit button.
    Then: I receive confirmation of successful request made and request id. Redirected to home page.

3. Feature: Secret agent should be able to cancel a request.
    Scenario: As a secret agent, I want to cancel a request.
    Given: I am on the home page.
    When: I select the dropdown menu.
    When: I select Delete Request.
    When: I enter request id to be canceled.
    When: I click the cancel button.
    Then: I receive the confirmation of the cancel request has been made. Redirected back to home page.

4. Feature: Secret agent should be able to see the total amount of money requested.
    Scenario: As a secret agent, I want to be able to see the total amount of money requested.
    Given: I am on the home page.
    When: I select the dropdown menu.
    When: I select View Total Amount Requested.
    Then: I receive a total amount requested in dollars. Redirected to home page.

5. Feature: Secret agent should be able to log out of account.
    Scenario: As a secret agent, I want to be able to log out of my account safely.
    Given: I am on the home page.
    When: I select the dropdown menu.
    When: I select the Logout of Account.
    When: I click the submit button.
    Then: I receive the confirmation of logging out of my account. Redirected back to the log in page.